Usage
-----

```
# first source gruv.sh
# then in any shell you can use

 gruv [light|dark] [soft|medium|med|hard]
 fn [font name]
 fs [font size]
```

_Step by step..._
- source this script
- then you can use `gruv` function (this generates `~/.grvim` vim script)
- then also use `fn` and `fs` functions (to change _font name_ or _font size_)


Context / Requirements
----------------------

_Please read this section carefully if you want this to actually work_

The script `gruv.sh` requires `xrdb` util and complies with program sourcing
colors by asking `Xresources`. I have not properly tested if emacs works like
this but it appears this work proper.

I can share very briefly my personal setup:
- `vim` inside `st` terminal emulator ([link to suckless.org][1])
- `xst` fork of `st` should work (but vanilla `st` doesn't work)

This have been written because I wanted to automate sending `SIGUSR1` to
all `st` terminals and at same time update to another colorscheme.

If you are using `vim` inside `st` like me, you need to source `~/.grvim` in
`vim`. This is generated by `gruv` function. I use this convenient mapping when
I need it
```
" somewhere in .vimrc
nmap <silent> <leader>sv :source $MYVIMRC<CR>
source ~/.grvim
```

Either edit `gruv.sh` (see TODO to replace the location of xresources) or
pass `GRUV_XRESOURCES` shell variable by environment
(this can be set in any rc file).
`repo` is ignored if `GRUV_XRESOURCES` is set.

Edit or pass the path to where your xresources are located
(see `xresources` folder at root).

Then in order to fix `vim` terminal colors you will need a file named
`gruvbox256.sh`at the location for xresources
(either a copy or a link to `gruvbox_256palette.sh` or
`gruvbox_256palette_osx.sh` depending on your system).

Details
-------

- wraps xrdb always appending `killall -USR1 st`.
- `gruv` function takes two arguments : the first to choose
  between light and dark theme and the second to choose the
  contrast variant either soft, medium or hard

Accepted tokens
---------------

- themes: `light`, `dark`  
- contrast: `medium`, `med`, `soft`, `hard` (`medium` is default)

Other features
--------------

It writes a vim script to `$HOME/.grvim` this script works if
there is gruvbox plugin available. By this I mean `gruvbox256.sh` script
properly located (see context/requirements).

Font utilities
---------------

- `fn` to change font name
- `fs` to change font size

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
__TODO__
* support gnu-like options
e.g. --config -c options
